# Changelog

## [Unreleased]

## [v0.6.6] - 2024-11-25

### Fixed  
- Fix gradio proxy function bug, due to missing internal functions 
- Fix not working with gradio 5 endpoints due v5 breaking changes in url

## [v0.6.5] - 2024-11-14

### Added
- Support for images in `Send-PowershaiChat` for both OpenAI and Google Providers.
- An experimental command, `Invoke-AiScreenshots`, which adds support for taking screenshots and analyzing them!
- Tool calling support in the Google Provider.
- A CHANGE LOG has been initiated
- Tab completion to Set-AiProvider
- Added basic support for structured output to the `Get-AiChat` cmdlet's `ResponseFormat` parameter.  This allows passing a hashtable describing the OpenAPI schema of the result.

### Changed
- **BREAKING CHANGE**: The `content` property of OpenAI messages is now sent as an array to align with specifications for other media types.  This requires updating scripts that rely on the previous single-string format and old providers versions thats dont supports that syntax.
- The `RawParams` of `Get-AiChat` have been fixed. You can now pass raw parameters to the underlying provider to take control of generation. Raw parameters will overwrite those generated by PowerShell.
- DOC Updates: New docs translated with AiDoc and updates. Minor fix in AiDoc.ps1 to not translate some markdown syntax commands.


### Fixed 
- Fixed issue #13. Safety settings were changed, and case handling was improved. This was not being validated, which resulted in an error.

[v0.6.6]: https://github.com/rrg92/powershai/releases/tag/v0.6.6
[v0.6.5]: https://github.com/rrg92/powershai/releases/tag/v0.6.5