---
external help file: powershai-help.xml
Module Name: powershai
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Send-GradioApi

## SYNOPSIS

## SYNTAX

```
Send-GradioApi [[-AppUrl] <Object>] [[-ApiName] <Object>] [[-Params] <Object>] [[-SessionHash] <Object>]
 [[-EventId] <Object>] [[-token] <Object>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Sends data to a Gradio and returns an object that represents the event!
Pass this object to the other cmdlets to obtain the results.

HOW THE GRADIO API WORKS 

	Based on: https://www.gradio.app/guides/querying-gradio-apps-with-curl
	
	To better understand how to use this cmdlet, it is important to understand how the Gradio API works.
 
	When we invoke an API endpoint, it does not return the data immediately.
 
	This is due to the simple fact that processing is extensive, due to the nature (AI and Machine Learning).
 
	
	Then, instead of returning the result, or waiting indefinitely, Gradio returns an "Event Id".
 
	With this event, we can periodically obtain the generated results.
 
	Gradio will generate event messages with the data that has been generated.
We need to pass the generated EventId to obtain the new generated pieces.
	These events are sent via Server Side Events (SSE), and can be one of these:
		- heartbeat 
		Every 15 seconds, Gradio will send this event to keep the connection alive.
 
		That’s why, when using the cmdlet Update-GradioApiResult, it may take a while to return.
		
		- complete 
		It is the last message sent by Gradio when the data has been generated successfully!
		
		- error 
		Sent when there was an error in processing.
 
		
		- generating
		It is generated when the API already has available data, but more may still come.
	
	Here in PowershAI, we also separate this into 3 parts: 
		- This cmdlet (Send-GradioApi) makes the initial request to Gradio and returns an object that represents the event (we call it a GradioApiEvent object)
		- This resulting object, of type GradioApiEvent, contains everything necessary to query the event and it also stores the data and errors obtained.
		- Finally, we have the cmdlet Update-GradioApiResult, where you must pass the generated event, and it will query the Gradio API and obtain the new data.
 
			Check the help of this cmdlet for more information on how to control this mechanism of obtaining the data.
			
	
	So, in a normal flow, you should do the following: 
	
		# Invoke the Gradio endpoint!
		$MyEvent = Send-GradioApi ... 
	
		# Obtain results until it has finished!
		# Check the help of this cmdlet to learn more!
		$MyEvent | Update-GradioApiResult
		
GradioApiEvent Object

	The GradioApiEvent object resulting from this cmdlet contains everything necessary for PowershAI to control the mechanism and obtain the data.
 
	It is important that you know its structure so you know how to collect the data generated by the API.
	Properties:
	
		- Status  
		Indicates the status of the event. 
		When this status is "complete", it means that the API has finished processing and all possible data has been generated.
 
		While it is different from this, you must invoke Update-GradioApiResult so that it checks the status and updates the information. 
		
		- QueryUrl  
		Internal value that contains the exact endpoint for querying the results
		
		- data  
		An array containing all the response data generated.
Each time you invoke Update-GradioApiResult, if there is data, it will add to this array.
 
		
		- events  
		List of events that have been generated by the server. 
		
		- error  
		If there were errors in the response, this field will contain some object, string, etc., describing more details.
		
		- LastQueryStatus  
		Indicates the status of the last query to the API.
 
		If "normal", indicates that the API was queried and returned until the end normally.
		If "HeartBeatExpired", indicates that the query was interrupted due to the heartbeat timeout configured by the user in the cmdlet Update-GradioApiResult
		
		- req 
		Request data made!

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> {{ Add example code here }}
```

{{ Add example description here }}

## PARAMETERS

### -AppUrl
{{ Fill AppUrl Description }}

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ApiName
{{ Fill ApiName Description }}

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Params
{{ Fill Params Description }}

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SessionHash
{{ Fill SessionHash Description }}

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EventId
If provided, does not call the API, but creates the object and uses this value as if it were the return

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -token
{{ Fill token Description }}

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 6
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS



<!--PowershaiAiDocBlockStart-->
_Automatically translated using PowershAI and AI._
<!--PowershaiAiDocBlockEnd-->
